still talking difference it's
complicated
many when we first got together we were
different people
[Music]
Graham I Eddie hey Jimmy
this is a Martha and Bethany mrs. Fisher
grandfather meet you
morning sort of bargain on you you're
not barging he's barging my little
Walker yeah did you guys see Spencer
think he went back in we gotta go get
him
[Music]
huh what who are you
oh my god you're Spencer's grandfather
are we in Florida and you my little walk
look did I die and turn into some kind
of a small muscular boy scout are we
dead it sure feels good now with my
thighs okay we have some issues here the
game is busted lose the game I'm not yet
I don't wonder yet welcome to Jumanji
this next adventure is even more
challenging and remember the future of
Jumanji is in your hands I have one
important question who is Jumanji as
that barbers boy we're gonna die we did
are we in hell and
[Music]
in the Sam
what the hell is to suit your strengths
and weaknesses smoldering intensity it's
this stupid face you make huh
he's gonna know you're having a heart
attack
breathe breathe this whole left side is
shutting down
[Music]